All right. I am recording my in. Let's record the zoom just as a backup and we are coming down in three two one. This is the week in Philly from KYW News Radio and on Tuesday, new Jersey Governor Phil Murphy gave his state of the state address. Murphy, of course, in the final year of his second and final term as governor of the Garden State. Let's discuss what he focused on now as we bring in KWU South Jersey reporter Mike Dirty and Mike. Let's start with the look back Murphy using much of the speech to try and kind of cement his legacy by talking about what he has accomplished over the first seven years. Boy, of course, seven years a long time and you think back pre pandemic. That era feels like an entire different world ago. But think back, you know, minimum wage at the time was just shy of eight dollars fifty cents an hour. Now it's fifteen fifty Murphy. He says that the critics of that policy were saying, oh, this is going to kill small business and you know, it's going to be terrible for the economy. And Murphy said clearly things didn't play out that way. He says the state has now more residents and more jobs and more small businesses operating than at any other time during the state history. Murphy, he's obviously proud proud of his accomplishments. He's proud of his clean energy policies. He's he said the state finally started paying a lot of its old debt obligations, including fully funding state pensions. He said the state's funding schools. He said this has led to steady improvements with the state's credit rating. So, you know, there's a lot of different things that they focused on over these last seven years. He also laid out some priorities for his final year as governor talk about what they were. Well, no time to rest. He says they want to sprint to the finish line. One of the ideas he pitched is a cell phone band for students at, you know, K through 12 schools saying, you know, Nuff's talk is done in time, time now for action. He also says he's going to work with Trump, you know, Trump coming into office is a big thing here. Jersey is very, a very democratic state. He says he's going to work with Trump as often as possible, but said he won't back down from a fight either. If he believes that the Trump administration is, you know, implementing policies that don't don't align with new Jersey's values like, you know, protecting immigrants, for example, he wants to strengthen reproductive rights by making abortion free. And he's also looking to stockpile a case, you know, a massive amount of myth of pristone. Just in case there's a federal ban on that. As a governor in his final year, when you talk about priorities, do you think there'll be a lot of juice to to work on things he wants to get done in the legislature? I mean, it is, you know, a democratic trifecta. So there's that, but also a lame duck governor. How do you see it? This final year playing out? Well, yeah, Democrats in Trenton are likely going to be on board with pretty much most of what the governor wants to get done. Their agenda is often aligned and maybe even we'll see. They might the legislature, the Senate might be able to persuade him to move a little further left on a few things as a lame duck. It's hard to say. It's hard to say. It will be interesting to see with this lame duck Murphy administration does this year. And you mentioned one of the things that he wants to do. Talk about a cell phone ban. You did a follow up story this week on that. And you talked about one of the real big districts in South Jersey that already has one in place. Talk about that and how it's working there. Yeah, well, let's start with Murphy's idea to ban the ban the phones. He doesn't think that there should be a blanket policy across the board. At least for now, he mentioned that this is kind of a district by district thing. And he's wants to give the districts power to do what's right for them. And Cherry Hill, this policy went into effect, not this school year, but last school year. So 2324. And their high school students can use their phones during free time, like study hall or lunch and things like that and walking through the hallways. But during class, not at all. And there's a no usage policy at all for the middle and elementary schools, super intended there. Kwame Morton says this has worked really well for them. The kids have bought in. And he thinks it's important to give the older kids more freedom so they can learn how to be responsible. You know, as adults, we have to know when we can and can't use our phones. And he says that's a skill that these kids have to learn. I think there's a lot of adults that still have to learn it as well, but that's a that's a separate segment. On the boss with the music. So with Phil Murphy in his final year as governor, that obviously leads to the race to replace him. And we have already talked about that. And the race will be heating up over the next several months. What are you looking for when it comes to getting ready for the June primaries as far as how the races are taking shape? Yeah, it's the primary is just so crowded. There's on the Democratic side. There's at least six candidates right now. And they're big names. So it's there. A lot of times there's not too much difference on the policies too. So that's the other thing is there's going to be a lot of overlap. You know, there are a little bit of a spectrum as far as progressive to more moderate. But a lot of them align on a lot of different things. So it's kind of a popularity contest at this point. So it's going to be interesting to see who emerges from there. If there are any ideas that that come out that sort of grab a popular pop a populist sort of appeal. But one of the things to look out for is going to be wind energy. You know, Trump is vowing to kill the industry. He has a little help from Congressman Jeff Vandrew. Of course, New Jersey has really positions itself to be a national leader in that regard. So it'll be interesting to see who's saying what about the end of the wind industry? What powers Trump has over killing the industry? That's that's a big one to watch this year. And on the Republican side, I know there's a few names. Jack Chatterle who did a really good showing in the last election when Murphy won reelection. And if you were a Republican in New Jersey, does how you think they can fare in November going to depend on the first year of the Trump administration? Because I think a lot of the 2025 elections are kind of the first litmus tests of what the electorate is feeling after a new administration's come in. Yeah, of course. If Trump's doing a good job and he's popular, you know, so right now the Israel Hamas ceasefire thing kind of came out of nowhere. People didn't think that was going to happen. If it works out and this war is ending and Trump is implementing policies and has manages to do something in Ukraine and broker a deal between Ukraine and Russia and Russia. And Trump is really popular. Republicans are probably going to do pretty well in November. But things, you know, things fall apart, go off the rails. The Democrats in New Jersey are just going to wipe the floor with them. All right. Thank you very much, Mike. Can't wait to be a South Jersey reporter. Mike Darty joining us. We need to take a break. We will continue with more of the week. We will continue with more of the week in Philly in just a few minutes. Hope you'll stay with us.